docs: Buildah articles & run in container (#4043)
werf/werf: docs/pages_en/advanced/ci_cd/run_in_container/use_gitlab_ci_cd_with_kubernetes_executor.md

---
title: Use GitLab CI/CD with Kubernetes executor
permalink: advanced/ci_cd/run_in_container/use_gitlab_ci_cd_with_kubernetes_executor.html
---

> NOTICE: werf currently supports building images _with the Docker server_ or _without the Docker server_ (in experimental mode). This page contains information applicable only to the experimental mode _without the Docker server_. For now, only the Dockerfile image builder is available for this mode. The Stapel image builder will be available soon.

## 1. Prepare the Kubernetes cluster

Select one of the [available operating modes]({{ "advanced/ci_cd/run_in_container/how_it_works.html#modes-of-operation" | true_relative_url }}).

### Linux kernel with rootless OverlayFS

No additional actions are required.

### Linux kernel without rootless OverlayFS and privileged container

No additional actions are required.

### Linux kernel without rootless OverlayFS and non-privileged container

> The [fuse device plugin](https://github.com/kuberenetes-learning-group/fuse-device-plugin) is required to use the `/dev/fuse` device in containers with werf:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [fuse device plugin](https://github.com/kuberenetes-learning-group/fuse-device-plugin) is one of the ways to enable the `/dev/fuse` device in containers with werf:
```
